background		          = black		default
frame			              = black		default
window_title		        = white		default
directory		            = blue		default	bold
selected_directory	    = white		default	bold
playlist		            = white		default	bold
selected_playlist	      = white		default	bold
file			              = grey		default
selected_file		        = white		default
marked_file		          = magenta		default	bold
marked_selected_file	  = white		default	bold
info			              = blue		default	bold
status			            = white		default
title			              = white		default	bold
state			              = white		default	bold
current_time		        = white		default	bold
time_left		            = white		default	bold
total_time		          = white		default	bold
time_total_frames	      = white		default
sound_parameters	      = white		default	bold
legend			            = white		default
disabled		            = grey		default	bold
enabled			            = magenta		default	bold
empty_mixer_bar		      = grey		default
filled_mixer_bar	      = black 	grey
empty_time_bar		      = white		default
filled_time_bar		      = yellow		grey
entry			              = white		default
entry_title		          = black		grey
error			              = red		default	bold
message			            = green		default	bold
plist_time		          = white		default	bold
